Feature/meta data (#88)
DKE-Data/agrirouter-interface-documentation: docs/integration/onboarding.adoc

Possible Error codes can be found link:../error-codes.adoc#onboarding-errorcodes[ in the error list]

==== Onboarding Result in the agrirouter UI

> When a new endpoint is onboarded, its name consists of the ApplicationName and an onboarding timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new endpoint is onboarded, its name consists of the name of the application and the onboarding timestamp.
```
